The projectors and desktops work perfectly in Birck Basement Classrooms.
WebCat is super helpful at error handling.
My BenU has a good User Interface.
This Game deserves an A.
Computer Science classes should be in Goodwin Building.
You can find Professor Speh at his office hours.
Integer is a subclass of Number.
A Factory defines a static method of the class that returns the singleton when only a single instance of the class is allowed in order to provide a global single point of access to the object.
Strategy defines each algo/policy/strategy in a separate class, with a common interface, in order to handle varying, but related, algorithms or policies.
Composite defines classes for composite and atomic objects so that they implement the same interface in order to handle a group or composition structure of objects the same way (polymorphically) as a non-composite (atomic) object.
Façade defines a “subscriber” interface when different kinds of subscriber objects are interested in the state changes or events of a publisher object and want to react in their own unique way when the publisher generates an event.
Adapter converts the original interface of a component into another interface, through an intermediate adapter object, in order to resolve incompatible interfaces.
Factory creates a Pure Fabrication object called a Factory that handles the creation of objects when there are special considerations, such as complex creation logic, a desire to separate the creation responsibilities for better cohesion, and so forth.
Strategy defines classes for composite and atomic objects so that they implement the same interface in order to handle a group or composition structure of objects the same way (polymorphically) as a non-composite (atomic) object.
Adapter makes compooter go beep boop bop.
Benedictine won 1st Place in ACCA Machine Learning Data Science Competition. (Hint: Look at Mirsky's Face!)
Professor Mirsky Lovessss StackOverFlow!!!
fi uoy nac daer siht uoy llems dna kcilc eslaf.
Javascript is the best most advanced programming language.
Professor Speh lowkey owns every apple product and hates windows.
Ryan is secretly married to Amazon Alexa Echo Dot.
Low Coupling assigns responsibilities so that unnecessary coupling remains low.  Use this principle to evaluate alternatives.
High Cohesion assigns responsibilities so that cohesion remains high.  Use this to evaluate alternatives.
Indirection assigns the responsibility to an intermediate object to mediate between other components or services to avoid direct coupling between two (or more) things.
Information Expert doesn't assign a responsibility to the class that has the information needed to fulfill it.
Mirsky enjoys writing by hand after surgery.
The washing machine example explains everything in Computer Science.
Coders should always create code with maintenance in mind.
Students never write bad code and should be rewarded for their superior intellect.
This project was completed in under 24 hours collectively.  
Creating a game is super easy and we never ran into any errors EVER.
Mirsky Party is just like Mario Party except everything about it is completely different... maybe its not like Mario Party
School causes stress.
Stress causes School?
!true
!false
Eventually this program will rise above all others and gain full cognitive awareness.
My dog ate SVN so I could not commit this project.
No one has ever made it to the end of our game.
SVN can be a blessing and a curse.